
---------------------------------------------------------------
B) STORMING THE FORSAKEN FORTRESS
---------------------------------------------------------------

Another scene will follow. You've arrived at an enemy fort, and the giant bird 
is there, so Aryll probably is too. We should check it out. Tetra has a plan on 
how to get you in there, a fairly humorous one at that. Sadly, you lose your 
sword in the process. We worked hard to get that thing, too. Even worse, you're 
in no condition to fight enemies now, so you need to be stealthy. When I think 
stealth in gaming, I think Metal Gear. When I think Metal Gear, I think of 
sneaking around in cardboard boxes. We don't have any of those on hand, though. 
What to do? Turn to your right and approach the stairs. Your pendant (that you 
didn't know you had) will talk to you. It's a way for Tetra to communicate with 
you. Walk up the stairs to the first landing where we find barrels. These will 
do nicely. Pick one up with the A button, and start walking. Go up the next set 
of stairs to another landing. This one is larger and has spotlights roaming on 
it. When one approaches you, stop until it passes you by, the lookout no doubt 
going "Ho-hum, just another barrel." Use this method to gather rupees if you 
wish, and when you're done, enter the door (there's only one you can reach).

Screw stealth for the moment and head left from this room. Continue until you 
see some huge moblins with lanterns, and let one of them see you. You'll get 
caught and thrown into a jail cell. Get on the table, and then jump over to the 
top of the bookshelf. Get rid of the vase there to expose a hole. Crawl into it 
(move while holding R), and follow this little tunnel to the end, which is 
conveniently outside of the cell. Go the only way you can, around the corner and 
down to a chest containing the map. Yay. Turn to the right and use that lantern 
to swing across to the other platform. Take the left door. If at any point your 
controller starts vibrating, hit A because the amulet wants to talk some more. 
Luckily this isn't as frequent as Navi from Ocarina. In this hallway, go into 
the little alcove on the left and climb the ladder there. 
Around to the left is a jar. Try and stay out of sight of the bokoblin until you 
can get to it (the easiest way is to go to the right and then come back around). 
Pick it up and smash it, and there are staves inside. Pick one up with A, and 
now you have a makeshift weapon. Use it just like a sword to kill the bokoblin 
controlling the lights. If he hits you, you will drop your staff and need to 
pick it up again, which can't be done while you're locked onto him. Just so you 
know. Go back down the ladder and back into the room you just left.

This time, take the other door. This is a little hallway that has openings to 
the left and right. Take the left one, and turn left again to head up a ramp. At 
the top of the ramp are a landing and a ladder. Climb it. Another bokoblin, 
light, and jar. Do the same as before. That's two of the big lights down. Head 
back down the ladder, down the ramp again, and when you reach the hall, turn 
left (so you're heading in the direction you were back when you first entered) 
and go through the door at the end. Over to your right and behind two barrels is 
a chest with a compass. Swing across to the other side and take that door. 
Another hall. Again, go to the left, up the ramp and the ladder, and kill the 
bokoblin. No more lights. Go back down the way you came, and go almost straight 
into the hall, again going in the same direction you were when you first got 
here.

Now you're actually in the very first room again, except up top this time. Swing 
over to the other side and through that door. Neither branch in this hall is 
important, so continue through the door in front of you. More stealth. There's a 
barrel to your left, so grab it and sneak past the buff moblin up the little set 
of stairs there and out the door. Almost there now. Follow this staircase around 
until you reach a landing with a barrel. Grab it and play the sneak-past-the-
moblin game one last time. Go to the left and up the ramp. Eventually you'll 
come to a break in the path. That's too far to jump, but we're not stuck yet. 
Get Link against the wall and facing it, and using the L button to position the 
camera so you are looking right at him. Hold up and hit A and he should get flat 
against the wall. Keep holding A, and now go left along that narrow little ledge 
to the other side. Around the corner, there is another ledge so do the same 
thing. Go up the stairs to a bokoblin... and your sword! Grab it and wail on him 
(the A counter attack where your sword turns green works nicely). Enter the door 
he was guarding and you find Aryll! And some other girls that don't really 
matter much (yet). Sadly, this rescue and tearful reunion are cut short by that 
stupid giant bird! I hate him so very very much. He carries you off to a 
mysterious man with red hair (Hmm...) who apparently doesn't think you are good 
enough, because he tells the bird to throw you back. Right into the ocean!
