
---------------------------------------------------------------
F) FOREST HAVEN
---------------------------------------------------------------

This is Forest Haven. Climb up the ledges, watching for the giant plants (boko 
babas). They're not too hard to defeat, just strike quickly. Head right at the 
fork and continue. At the top you will see a grapple pole, use it to swing 
across the gap, then quickly turn right and hold up your shield. An octorok will 
be firing at you. His shots will bounce of your shield and kill him. Jump to the 
left, then over to the right, then forward. Swing to the very highest level of 
water (there was an octorok there at one point) and enter the cave.

Head right and climb around. On the back side of the big tree in the center is a 
giant face. As you get close, red and green chuchus will appear on it. Run 
towards the tree and hit A so you roll into it. The impact will knock off the 
chuchus so you can kill them. After they are all dead, the head will talk to 
you. I think he sounds like a cross between Barry White and the teacher from 
Charlie Brown, personally. His little leaf friends (children?), the koroks, will 
talk to you as well. Basically, The tree painfully makes a leaf appear fairly 
high up. Now, quickly, I want you to empty your bottle (assuming it is full) and 
try and grab a firefly. You want a big blue/white one. Look close to the walls, 
the ones you want will shine lots of light on them. When you get one, wander 
around looking for a purple bud (baba bud) in the ground. You can jump into it, 
and it will fire you into the air. While in the air, you can aim towards 
another, and then another, climbing into the sky. From the fourth bud, land on a 
treetop, then swing over to the fifth with the grappling hook. From the 9th, you 
can get to the treetop with the deku leaf. Get it. It is a very interesting and 
useful item. It uses magic (and a magic meter will appear when you get it), and 
has two main uses. First, if used from the ground, it sends out a powerful gust 
of air. Second, it can be used like a parachute/handglider if you activate it 
while in the air. While gliding, if you hit the button again (the one you have 
it equipped to) you can do an attack where you billow out the leaf. It doesn't 
do much, but it keeps pesky enemies away. Now, from where you are, you can see 
another bud you can jump to (you'll have to glide to make it). It'll shoot you 
up in the air, and then you can glide (from the highest point of your "jump") to 
a ledge. Cut down weeds to get your magic bar full again, then go through the 
cave back outside.

You can see an island out here. Set the wind to NW by playing the Wind's Requiem 
and glide down to it with the leaf. There is a crazy hatch here and a guy. Look 
back where you just jumped from, and to the right and below that ledge, you can 
make out a crystal switch. Remember those pear things you bought? Use one. A 
seagull will take it off of your head and you take control of it. Fly up and 
into the switch (use A to flap your wings). The valve hatch will open. A ladder 
will also drop. Hit R to switch back to Link and jump into the hole. You can't 
do anything here, so get back out. King will now be waiting at the base of the 
ladder (the only reason we went into the hole). We're going to take our first 
sidetrack (the side-QUEST part is here, but we need to do some prep work). Use 
the Wind's Requiem to set the wind N and sail back to (6,6). There, set the wind 
W and sail to (4,6), Windfall Island. Yes, just going NW would seem faster, but 
you can't do that. King won't let you.

Land at Windfall Island (you have to do it manually, just get to the dock and 
jump off King). Go give Lenzo his firefly and he'll give you a better Picto Box. 
This one takes color photos and is necessary for the HUGE Gallery side-quest. We 
can actually do some things with it now. Head around town and look for the 
potion shop (it has a sign outside with a potion on it). There is a woman 
standing there with a green shirt and orange vest. Talk to her, then take her 
picture (full body, pictures must always be full body!). Show her the picture 
and she will give you a treasure map (#33). There's more you can do here, but 
we'll be back later. It's nothing pressing anyway. Now go find Iceman (Zunari). 
Talk to him, but not behind the little stand. Instead, move a little to the left 
and he'll follow you. Talk to him there. He'll say some stuff, then talk to him 
again. Choose the top option twice. He'll give you a flower (in your delivery 
bag). We'll do more with that in a bit too. Lastly, go find the Elvis 
impersonator. Talk to him, then use the Wind Waker. Play Center, Center, Center 
twice (i.e., do nothing) and he will talk to you. Now play Right, Left, Down. 
You've learned the Song of Passing. It will change day into night and vice 
versa. Go back to King, and sail back to Deku Island (E to (6,6), then S to 
(6,2)).

You don't want to land on the main island; instead, we're shooting for where the 
hatch was, it's over to the left as you come in, and it's actually before the 
main island anyway. Go up the ladder and drop into the hatch. Take a full body 
picture of the kid there and show it to the guy behind the desk. Go back 
outside, play the Song of Passing twice (i.e., fast forward a day), and go back 
in. You've just got your first figurine. Welcome to the Nintendo Gallery. This 
INSANE mini-quest will take you at least two games to compete. Basically, there 
is a figure for everything in the game, and you get it by taking a picture (99% 
of the time) and giving it to the guy behind the desk. I will detail some 
specific ones in the walkthru, but if you don't really care, I don't blame you. 
This is for the most dedicated of fans. OH, and to get a COMPLETE set, you need 
the GBA. Sorry. Before you go, I suggest you go into the door to the right of 
the desk and look at your figurine. You can examine it closely, and if you do, 
you'll see an 8-bit octorok on the lower-left corner of his bag. Tres cool. You 
can leave now. Go back to the main island and get up to the room with the Deku 
Tree.

Finally, back here. Using the pods, shoot up in the air to where you got the 
leaf (the second landing). Now, jump and glide your way to the lowest ledge that 
isn't on ground floor, it has plants growing in the shape of an arrow on it.

Head up to the highest part of the cliff, then look at the island towards your 
left. Use the Wind Waker to play the Wind's Requiem, and set it to SW. This is 
important for the use of the leaf: always set the wind where you want to go. 
Jump of the cliff and use the leaf to get to that island. Cut up shrubs to 
refill your meter, then use the Wind's Requiem again, this time we want NW. DO 
NOT JUMP YET! Take note of a tornado circling the island you are on. Use the D-
pad to set the mini-map in the corner to close up. Wait until the tornado is at 
the southeast position of the island, and then jump east, using the leaf. You 
should land in it and be blown high in the air. Use the boost to float to the 
ugly looking island. If the flying guys (peahats) get too close, use the billow 
attack. Enter the cave... Dungeon #2!
