
---------------------------------------------------------------
G) DUNGEON #2: FORBIDDEN WOODS (WOOD)
---------------------------------------------------------------

This room is full of green chuchus. Don't beware, but be aware. Go up the ramp 
to the right to get the map. Over on the left side of the room is a giant nut. 
Pick it up and head toward the door. Throw the nut at the plant there and kill 
it. You may need to try several times. Enter the next room.

Basically, you want to get around by going from platform to platform using the 
leaf. But first, let's drop to the bottom of the floor. It's pretty far, so 
here's the technique I use: use the leaf, then hit A, then leaf again, hit A, so 
on. It lets you land softly without using up too much magic. Also, as you 
haven't really gotten a chance to notice yet, the little baba buds that shoot 
you up in the air refill a bit of your magic each time you enter. If you get 
low, hop in one, and don't move at all. It'll shoot you straight up and you'll 
land right back in it, getting more magic. Repeat until you're topped off again. 
Alright, we're on the floor. Kill the enemies: a few green chuchus and some boko 
babas. You can get a staff by killing boko babas. Pick it up, light it with the 
torch, and use that to subsequently light the plant on top of the chest. It's 
nothing great, just a belt (knight's crest) that some later enemies drop, much 
like the drops from the various chuchus. We'll want 10 of these eventually, but 
for now it's no biggie. Now use the baba buds and the leaf to climb and glide 
your way to the top of the room (opposite where you entered). From the second 
bud, you don't want to go to the one closest to you, you actually want to glide 
over to the roof of the room that had the chest in it. Other than that, it's 
rather straightforward. When you get up to the ledge with the door (the one you 
haven't entered yet), there is a bomb flower in the grass (guarded by two green 
chuchus) you can use to blow up the plant on the door. You can keep climbing, 
but we won't. Not right now. Leave through the newly cleared door.

To your immediate left is a little wind switch thingy. It looks like a weather 
vane or something. Blow a gust of air at it with the leaf, and a gondola will 
come over to you. Hop onto it, then blow a gust at the door you just entered. 
That'll give you the momentum to get across the chasm. Enter the door.

You have no idea how much trouble this room gave me the first time I played, and 
I'll tell you why: I had no idea how to kill the stupid peahats. I've always 
hated them, even in Zelda 1. I eventually got through with pure luck and only 
later realized what to do. Luckily for you, you can learn from my mistakes. What 
you do is lock onto the little bugger, and blow a gust of wind at him. He'll 
land, stunned for a second, which is your chance to kill him. Take out the two 
down here, then the 3 boko babas. The one on the right turns into a baba bud, 
use it and then the next one you see to get up to the second floor. Use the wind 
switch to your right, then move the gondola (the same way) to the other side. 
Cut through the boards to get a ball. Bring it on the gondola, put it down, and 
move the gondola back to the other side (be careful not to blow the ball, it 
will fall). Use the ball to kill the door plant and go through.

Use a leaf to blow the ball from its current spot (you can't pick it up, 
tentacles surround it), then use it to clear the door. 

Head to the right using the grappling hook where needed. Get to the ledge with 
the locked door. First, get the rupees inside the little room hanging from the 
ceiling, then get the ball and continue to the right, where there is a door to 
be cleared. Enter.

Fall in the little chasm in the floor, and kill these spiny guys with the spin 
attack. Get the chest, climb out, and go on.

Be careful in this next room, it's completely filled with those floor tentacles. 
Just go slow and you'll be fine. Work your way around to the left first, using a 
bomb plant to blow up the bars and get the compass. Grab another one and throw 
it at the bars you can see but can't reach (tentacles in the way). Once that's 
gone, work back to where you entered and then around the other side. Open the 
chest for a key, then get back to the door (using the baba buds as a shortcut). 
Go back two rooms to the one with the giant plant hanging from the ceiling. Go 
to the left and enter the locked door there.

Use the wind switch and the gondola to get to the other side. Ignore the peahat 
for now. Enter this door. 

Kill some boko babas, a mothula (giant bug, these are new, no real tricks 
involved) and some peahats as you work your way up two levels to a set of doors. 
One is covered with plants, so go in the other one.

Mini-boss fight. It's just a flying mothula. This guy is kinda hard with the way 
we're equipped, but you can still take him. When he does his flying charge 
thing, you have an opportunity for a parry attack. Also, you can target him and 
blow gusts at him with the leaf, which will stun him. Eventually, you'll cut his 
wings off and then he's just a mothula. Get the chest for the boomerang. The 
game just got a billion times easier. Let's discuss.

If you hold the Gamecube controller the way it was built to be held, your left 
thumb is on the d-stick, left index finger on the L-button, right thumb on the 
B-button, and right index finger on the R-button. If you hold the controller 
that way, equip the boomerang to the Z-button and leave it there. You will play 
99% of the rest of the game with it there. From now on, I will not describe how 
to kill enemies in any detail, with a few exceptions. It should be assumed that 
you use the following tactic on EVERYTHING: lock on with L, hit with boomerang, 
pound with sword while vulnerable, repeat until dead. As always, it won't work 
on some enemies... at first. But even those that aren't susceptible to the 
attack can be made to be (usually). This is why you want it set to Z, because Z 
allows the quickest transition between boomerang and sword (simply because Y and 
X use the thumb, the same as the sword, so you'd need to get it back in 
position). Besides this combat usage, the boomerang is useful for other things, 
so we'd like it to be at our fingertips anyway. 

Back to the game. Above the door we entered, there is a pair of crystal 
switches. Hold in Z (if you listened to me) and move the cursor over each of 
them. You should see the same little starburst you see with the grappling hook 
if done right. Once you've targeted both, let go of Z and the boomerang will 
home in on them. You can target up to 5 things (switches, rupees, enemies, etc.) 
in one throw. Always target as much as possible. Leave the room.

Remember the pesky peahats? Not a problem with that technique I just told you. 
In fact, hitting them with the boomerang knocks off the propellers, rendering 
them flightless. Head over to the right side of the room (from this door) and 
you'll see a grapple pole. Hook on, then use R to climb up your rope and get on 
top of the pole. Grapple to the next one, and Hit R again until you are hanging 
straight down, then drop onto the platform below you. Use the moving platforms 
to climb even higher, finding a chest with a joy pendant in it. Drop down to the 
level we were just on and go to the door with two plants on it. Target them with 
the boomerang and they'll die. Enter.

Kill all these hanging tentacles with the boomerang (5 at a time), and use the 
leaf to float to the other side. This chest has another joy pendant. Enter the 
next room.

Target all 5 vines at once (important) to cut down the big flower. Drop down to 
where it landed (you may see a door with vines on it on the middle level, but 
we're not going there yet) using the leaf intermittently to slow your fall. Go 
in the door here.

Kill the peahat then kill the spiny guys from afar with the boomerang. Go to the 
right (can't go left) and kill the green chuchus. The blue tentacles regenerate 
infinitely, so get them out of your way and keep moving. Enter the door.

Jump across the flower hanging in front of you to get a chest (10 rupees). Cut 
down the flower and drop down to it. Kill the octorok like before (or with the 
boomerang). Grab the bomb flower and use it to blow up the boards. Enter that 
room.

**GBA note** The piece of land to your right as you enter the room has a 
question mark. Blow it up with a Tingle bomb to get another Tingle statue. **end 
GBA note**

Kill the peahats. Go around the room killing boko babas and spiny guys (both die 
after one boomerang attack). The furthest boko baba from the entrance turns into 
a baba bud, use it to get up a level. Use the wind switches to make the gondola 
come and carry you over to a bomb flower. Pick it up and hop to the edge of the 
gondola. Throw it into the hole in the ceiling of the room below. Eventually 
you'll get it and it'll kill the plant there that was blocking the chest. Drop 
through the same way and open it for another treasure map (#15). Crawl out the 
little hole in the back and leave this room the way you came in.

As soon as you enter, you're at a perfect angle to hit all 4 vines and cut the 
flower down again. Do it. Hop on the center and kill the octorok again. Use the 
leaf to propel your way downriver (it takes more than one gust, unlike the 
gondolas). At the bend are two octoroks you should kill, then keep moving the 
flower to the ledge. Kill three green chuchus and go through the door.

Go to the top of the hill, then while facing the door you came in from, turn to 
your right. Target this switch first, then the other four, moving clockwise 
around the room. Done correctly, you'll hit all at once and open the bars below. 
Get the chest for the boss key, then kill the two moblins that show up. The 
easiest way is what I call the modified boomerang strategy. Stun one with it, 
then the other, then attack either one. Repeat. Climb back up the hill where you 
can grapple over to another door. Leave.

Head forward and enter the door there. We're back at the huge flower that fell 
to the ground. From where you enter, use the wind switch to your left to create 
a tornado. Hop into the baba bud, then glide to the tornado using the leaf to 
rise up a level. Kill the two door plants and enter that door.

Kill the mothulas, get the chest (joy pendant), and go forward into the next 
room.

Kill any balls on the floor with the boomerang, you'll get stuff. One on the 
left side has a fairy you can bottle if you wish. Some have spiny guys or green 
chuchus, but they're simple. On the right side, you can grab a staff which you 
can light and burn the lid off the warp jar. Do it and get in. We're back in the 
first room. Go through the door to the second room. Use baba buds to work your 
way all the way up to the very top to that chest we couldn't get before. 
Boomerang the plant and get another treasure map (#1). Drop back to where you 
came in, return to the first room, and use the warp pot. Rekill any balls you 
wish and then enter the boss door.

                            BOSS: Kalle Demos

First of all, if you're going for a complete Gallery, take a picture. You won't 
be able to fit everything in the viewfinder, just center on the huge bulb.

The trick is to keep moving, running in circles around the room, as tentacles 
follow you and pop out of the floor. Wait until they do (behind you, if you're 
doing it right), and that is your chance to stop and take out 5 of the tentacles 
holding the boss up. They'll regenerate, so you want to do this as quickly as 
possible. After cutting them all down, it falls, exposing a core you can hit 
with the sword. Run in and do so. You're supposed to try and escape before it 
closes up, but it's not worth it. Do the extra damage that couple seconds will 
allow, and take the half heart or whatever penalty you get for still being 
inside. Repeat until dead (after about 3 falls).  Get your heart and enter the 
glowing spot.

Deku tree will talk to you a bit and give you Farore's Pearl. One left. Leave 
where we originally came in, and kill anything that gets in the way as you head 
back to King. Down by him, though, there's a mailbox that should be dancing 
around. If so, hit A by it and collect your mail, a heart piece. King will talk, 
hop in, use the Wind Waker to go NW (if need be, it should actually be set that 
way), and head to (2,4) (it's marked on your map).

You may get attacked on the way. If attacked by seahats (giant helicopter 
things), kargarocs, or gyorgs (sharks), 2 boomerang attacks will do the trick. 
Run from pirate ships. It's best to try and escape the helicopter things too. I 
hate them. You'll automatically land at this island too. We're not staying long. 
Quill talks to you. There's still a little to do. First, run through the little 
path to the other side of this tiny island and turn right. There is a little 
raft there with a guy on it. Talk to him, then give him the flower we got from 
Iceman earlier. In return, he'll give you a weirder looking flower. Now, give 
him this flower, and you'll get an even weirder one. Go back to King, but don't 
get on yet. Look directly behind him and you'll see a tiny island with a hill. 
Get on King and go there. Run around the side up to the top, then jump off and 
glide NW with your leaf. There are two islands separated by a little bit of 
water, and you want to aim towards the right one. On the wall is a little alcove 
you can land on with a chest you can get a heart piece from. Swim back to King 
and get on.

Head to Windfall Island (4,7), which is northeast, so set the wind that way.
