
---------------------------------------------------------------
M) UPGRADING AND COLLECTION RUN
---------------------------------------------------------------

First thing first, if you haven't found a huge tornado and learned the Ballad of 
Gales yet, do so (see it detailed above, right after the getting the master 
sword). I BELIEVE (not sure, so don't quote me on this) he can be found in the 
following locations: (2,1), (2,4), (2,6), (3,5), (4,2), (4,6), (5,4), (6,2), 
(6,6). Those are all the places you can warp to once it's learned, so it would 
make sense that he be there. Once you learn it, play it (or for those who 
learned earlier, play it now). Warp to (2,6). This is the only thing you 
technically need the song for in the game. You will end up in a little pond 
inside the island. A scene will occur, and a little girl fairy will give you the 
fire and ice arrows (and then hits on you!). To switch, hit the R button while 
the bow is drawn.

Okay, I mentioned a little while ago that there were some upgrades we could go 
get, but I said to skip them. I did for a two reasons: A) We'd need to sail 
around the world, which is much easier to do with the help of the Ballad of 
Gales (and without having to worry about random teleports); and, B) To get ALL 
of them, you need the hammer, which we just got now. That being said, let's go 
get a bunch of stuff. Teleport out of this place with the song, and choose (2,1) 
as your landing point (the first island). 

Land on the island and go see Orca. He'll ask you if you want to practice 
swordplay, say yes. You have three hearts, you have to hit him as much as you 
can. The trick is to lock on, hit in four-slash bursts, and USE YOUR SHIELD. 
Don't back him into a corner, and don't use the parry attack (it does only one 
hit, and it is safer to block than dodge). Don't try to hit him after he starts 
a swing. If you have trouble, take it slow, just hit and run away. You need to 
get in... 500 hits. I know, it's insane. Cut me some slack. Actually, the goal 
is 1,000 blows, but STOP after you hit 500. You get a heart piece. Then, if you 
wish, you can go back and shoot for the moon. If you do 4-hit bursts, he 
counters after the 2nd set (8th hit overall) 99% of the time. If he blocks an 
attack, he will counter 100% of the time. So be ready to use your shield. It is 
not difficult; if you lose, it's because you get impatient. Trust me. Get 1,000 
blows in and Orca will call you master. When you're done here, go back to King.

Set the wind NW and sail to (1,2). Once you get there, take out your telescope 
and look around the sky (slightly above the water, not like straight up). When 
you see a flock of seagulls ("And I raaaan, I ran so far awaaaay"), sail towards 
them. I'd give you more detailed directions, but this is one of those random 
things. As I said when you first got it, the boomerang should always be 
equipped. As you get close, you will be sucked into a whirlpool by a giant squid 
with 8 eyes. Your job is to take his eyes out with your boomerang. Target 5 each 
time, and you need to hit them each 3-4 times to close them permanently. This is 
time sensitive, so don't be a slacker. If you take too long, he'll spit you out 
and you need to go find him again (in another random spot in this square). Once 
you take out all the eyes, a small glowing spot will appear where he died. 
Approach it (don't use the sail, hold R and up on the D-stick to approach it 
slowly), and use your grappling hook (by holding the button down until you hit 
bottom) where you think it was. This is tedious because it disappears as you get 
close, but you'll get it. Try playing with the camera angles to make it easier 
to guesstimate. When you do it right, you'll pull up a treasure chest with 100 
rupees in it. Time to move on. Warp to (4,2).

Right in front of you when you land is a small island with a seashell building 
on it. Go there, hop off King, and swim to the island (which will be shortened 
to "Go there" from now on). Head around to the door. I also had mail in the 
mailbox (20 rupees and 1 rupee), so get that if you do too. This is a fairy 
island, there are several in the game. Each one gives you an upgrade of some 
sort, and we'll hit them all. Use a bomb to blow up the planks on the door and 
hop into the hole. This is just like where you got a bigger wallet, so run up to 
the fairy and get more bombs (you can hold 60 now). Leave through the shining 
light and get back on King. On this island, you might also encounter blue 
chuchus. Treat them the same as yellow ones, stun first then attack. They have 
an electric shock sometimes, so it's better to be safe that way.

Set the wind S. When you get to square (4,1), look for the seagulls and engage 
another squid. This one is easier because he only has four eyes. Kill him to 
make a fairy appear. She more than doubles your magic meter, which is always 
helpful (and necessary in this game). Now, you can sail back to (4,2), or just 
teleport. I teleport because it is safer. Set the wind NE and go to (5,3).

(5,3) has another 8-eyed squid. Kill him and take your 100 rupees. Set the wind 
E and sail to (6,3).

Use your map to get to almost the exact center of the square. There you should 
find a raft and a submarine. Go inside the submarine, and you'll fight 3 
bokoblins and two mice. Kill them all and you'll get a chest with another bottle 
in it. Yay. Leave and get ready for something kinda tedious. Just outside of the 
submarine is a raft with a bokoblin on it. I want you to do the following: lock 
onto him, use the grappling hook to grab a joy pendant off of him, kill him 
(that one's optional), walk in and out of the sub again, repeat. We need to get 
at least 50 joy pendants total (you already have some, so you don't have to do 
it 50 times, but how many you have already depends on what enemies dropped, 
etc.; personally, I needed 20 more). If you are fairly confident in your 
abilities, you can also steal some from the bokoblins in the sub, speeding up 
the process. The bokoblins aren't the threat, though: the rats are. They can 
clear out your wallet mighty fast if you don't pay attention. It's up to you, 
though. When you are done that, get back on King. Set the wind NE again and go 
to (7,4).

Slightly to the SE of the center of the square, you'll find another fairy 
island. I had mail when I got here, too. The first cost 201 rupees and was a 
green map that tells me where the Triiforce maps are (more on that later). The 
second was free and gave me 20 rupees. To open this one, you need to pound the 
switches with the hammer. Do so and go down to get more arrows. You can also 
grab a fairy here for your new bottle, which is a good idea. Head back to King, 
set the wind NW, and go to (6,5).

We're looking for the last 8-eyed squid here. Take him out for another hundred 
rupees. It'll help recoup the losses from that Triforce map map. Set the wind W 
and go to (5,5).

Also slightly SE of center, you'll find a fairy island. This door is blocked by 
a boulder. Inside is a bomb upgrade, now we can hold 99. You may be wondering 
why anyone would ever need so many. I did at first. You'll be thankful when you 
get into some heated naval battles. Those are a bit later, though. Head back to 
King and warp to (6,6).

When you arrive, land on the island and look along the cliff walls. Eventually, 
you'll see a string of bomb flowers leading up to a boulder. Hit one with a fire 
arrow to blow up the boulder and get a chest with 200 rupees in it. Go back to 
King, set the wind N and go up a square to (6,7). Look around for the seagulls 
and engage a squid. This one has 12 eyes. It may take a couple tries, but you 
can kill him. Just don't dilly-dally and make sure you hit at least 5 eyes in 
each throw. The glowing spot doesn't yield rupees this time; instead we get a 
piece of heart. Wasn't that worth it? Warp to (4,6).

Land on the island, we have several fun things to do here. Time to play with the 
moon. Using the Song of Passing, set the time to night. Look up at the sky for 
the moon. If it is full, stop. If not, play the song again twice to get to the 
next day. Repeat until you have a full moon. Take a picture of it you're your 
picto box. Make sure there are no clouds in front. Wander through the town until 
you see a blonde girl (Mila) standing around. Talk to her, and she'll yell at 
you. Continue up the path, and you'll see her move. Follow her. If she spots 
you, she'll run away, so the trick is to not get spotted (if you are, enter any 
building and leave again to get her back to the starting point). If you stay at 
wherever she stopped last, that's usually the easiest. She'll go all around 
town, ending up near Iceman's store (where you got the sail way back when). 
She's trying to break into a safe. Run up to her and talk to her. She gives you 
this huge sob story. Just choose the top option 6 times and she'll change her 
thieving ways and give you a bottle as a reward.

Now (still night) go to the red door next to where you found Mila and go inside. 
Talk to Iceman and he'll tell you about an auction. Go to it. This is the most 
bizarre auction ever, so listen up. What you want to do is mash the A button. 
There is a little meter, and when it hits the top, you make a bid. Now, you want 
to make the last bid, so here's how to do it. Iceman calls out things with 30, 
10, and 5 seconds left. After the 30 second warning ("Time is running out, dear 
friends"), get your meter up 1/2 of the way real quick and just leave it there 
(don't get it up too high, because it slowly goes up on its own to discourage 
poachers like us). After the 5 second warning ("Only 5 seconds remain!"), make 
your bid, and make sure it is at least 20 rupees higher than the highest bid. 
The people are all stunned (they get stars, like you whacked them with the 
boomerang) and you've got a guaranteed victory. You can win 2 treasure maps (#38 
and 18) and a piece of heart here, assuming you have the rupees (you should, so 
I'll assume you do; if you don't, come back here later and you can do it then, 
the auction runs every night). After you get those three, he sells joy pendants, 
which are NOT worth buying.

Still at night, there is a windmill in the center of town. Find that building, 
and wander around the left side. There is a little path that leads to a ladder. 
Climb it. Stand on the switch there, and if the wind is set N (it should still 
be), the windmill will start turning. Climb down the ladder and go into this 
building. Go up the stairs to the left and through the door up top. Walk up the 
walkway until you get to the end. From here, you can jump into little cars 
hanging from the windmill. Get into one and ride to the top (but don't get off). 
At the top is a crazy turning thing. Shoot a fire arrow into the hole, and you 
will light a lighthouse beacon. This will create a chest on a tiny little 
island. Ride the car back down to the walkway, and talk to the guy here. He'll 
give you a piece of heart. Four pieces again! Yay. Go inside and back 
downstairs. Talk to the pirate guy (this guy is HILARIOUS) and choose the top 
option twice. He wants to play a game of Battleship for 10 rupees. You have 24 
shots to sink 3 squid (one each of two squares, three squares, and four squares, 
and they were ships in the Japanese one). Win once to get a piece of heart, win 
again to get a treasure map (#7). Beat the record of 20 bombs to win treasure 
map #23. The only real hint I can offer is they like to put at least two of the 
squid touching each other. Not always, but like 80% of the time. Good luck.

Head over to the left side of the bomb shop. You can float to the little island 
with your chest on it if you set the wind to S and use the leaf. It has a heart 
piece in it.

Set the time to day now. Head into town and you'll see a guy wearing purple 
sitting on some stairs. Talk to him and he'll say "You don't understand me." 
Talk to him again and he'll tell you to prove you understand him by showing him 
a picture of his favorite thing. Show the moon picture we took and he'll be 
impressed and reward you with treasure map #31. Continue up the steps and you'll 
see two women talking to each other. Talk to them (you really just eavesdrop) 
and they scold you. Do it again and they mention Lenzo and a mystery woman. 
Hmm... 

Talk to Iceman now (not the store part, on the other side where you first got 
his flower), and he will reward you with the Magic Armor. I don't find it useful 
at all, but we're going for completeness.

Go back up to the walkway and hop on a windmill car. When you're on the opposite 
side of the wheel as you started, you can jump off and onto a little balcony. 
Inside the door here, you can find a treasure map (#29), 50 rupees in a chest, 
and several more in the pots. Crawl through the hole between the chests and 
you'll drop down into Lenzo's shop. Over by the door, Lenzo is chatting up the 
lady who is outside the potion shop a lot. He'll yell at you for scaring him, 
then take a picture of him and his "lady friend" together. Show it to the 
gossiping women and they'll reward you with a treasure map (#24).

Go now to the building to the left of Lenzo's shop. It is a school (has a 
chalkboard hanging out front). Talk to the lady inside here (Miss Marie) twice 
and choose the top option (twice). Go outside and talk to the little kids here 
(specifically, the one in the hat). Choose the top option. They want to play 
hide 'n' seek or something. Head down the path through the town and through the 
gate. There is a tall tree here (we're near the docks). Roll into it to knock 
down a kid. Chase him around (the roll attack is fast, keep using it) until you 
catch him. Another kid is behind the bomb shop, where you snuck in to find the 
pirates. Catch him too. The third kid is behind the tombstone. Lastly, head up 
the ramp near the gravestone. Head through the arch here and turn right. Head 
through that arch and turn left along the ledge. The last kid is behind the 
bush. Catch him (looks like a girl, but it's a guy). Once all four are caught, 
they give you a heart piece. Talk to the Miss Marie, choose the top option, and 
she'll reward you with 50 rupees. When you leave, hat kid will talk to you 
again. They need a birthday present for Miss Marie, and she loves joy pendants. 
There is one in the tree near the bomb shop they want to give her. Roll into it 
to get it. They talk to you some more. It's in your spoils bag, equip it and 
give it to the Miss Marie. She'll give you 20 more rupees. Now, if you have 20 
or more joy pendants (I told you to get 50, so you should), give those to her 
and she'll give you a piece of paper (the deed to a cabana). That's important 
later, but we were here already. Lastly, give her the rest of your pendants (at 
least 30), and she will give you the Hero's Charm. This item gives you a life 
bar indicator for enemies (Go into your menu, hit R so you are on the quest 
screen and select it. Hit A, and it will bring up a screen, select "Equip" and 
hit A again. If it annoys you, just de-equip it.), which can come in handy.

Leave the school and go talk to the lady in the orange dress (Linda) who you 
needed to take a picture of to get the color picto box. She'll say something, 
then talk to her again. She'll say she needs to send a picture to her true love. 
Take a picture of her (full body) and go look for the guy she was with the first 
time you took her picture. He is walking around town somewhere. Show him the 
picture and he'll ask her out on a date. Talk to him again and he'll say they're 
going for coffee. Skip a day with the Song of Passing and go into the place 
above Iceman's shop. You can talk to the two on their date and they reward you 
with a heart piece. ANOTHER 4! Wooo! 

Now go to the wooden stairs Linda usually stands near. Go up them and into a 
door. A man in a top hat will yell at you (because he thinks you're a mailman... 
Hmm...). Go over to the huge bay window and talk to Maggie, his daughter. She is 
upset because her love, a MOBLIN, is still back at the Forsaken Fortress. She 
gives you a letter, so go mail it. It costs 5 rupees. Skip another day with the 
Song of Passing, and go back to Maggie's house. Quill is there, but Maggie's dad 
is giving him a hard way to go (he's a mailman!). Quill leaves, so go to the 
coffee shop to find him. He'll give you the letter to deliver to Maggie. Do so 
and she'll be so happy, she gives you another heart piece. Also, if you have 20 
skull necklaces (from moblins), give them to her father and he will give you a 
treasure map (#2).

That's it. Set the wind NW and sail to (3,7). There is a fairy island here. Hop 
into the hole (no tricks necessary) to get an even bigger wallet (5000 rupees 
now).

Use the Ballad of Gales and go to (3,5). There is another 12-eyed squid here 
somewhere. Set the wind whichever way you need to to get to him and kill him. 
That's the last one. You get another heart piece for beating him. Set the wind 
NW and sail to (2,6).

To the E of center, you'll find a pair of islands. On the smaller one is another 
trader (like we did with the flowers before). Give him your exotic flower and he 
will give you a pinwheel. Set the wind S and go to (2,5).

In the NW corner of the square, there is an island. Sailing around it is the 
traveling salesman. Hop off of King, swim to his boat, and go inside. Buy the 
bottle for 500 rupees. We'll get the rest later (and if you don't have 500 
rupees, you can get the bottle later too). Sail W again to (1,5).

At (1,5), there is another fairy island. Pound the switch to gain access and get 
more arrows. Also, fill both of your new bottles with fairies. Go back to King.
